The delta of an option is the difference in the price change and the option price change. You can buy/sell a call or a put at different strike prices, with each different strike price providing different delta values. When you put two (or more) delta values together, they add/subtract (to the overall trade).
The idea of this strategy is to determine the general volatility of a stock over a set period of time, find a call and a put with net delta values around 0 and buy them both. To clarify, the term buying is specifying buying the call and the put at the strike price and not selling them, as selling them takes on a different strategy.
As the price increases, the value of the call increases and the put decreases, as the price decreases, the value of the put increases and the call decreases. It is ideal that the strike price is around the same for both the call and the put, so that the value of each increases and decreases from the same reference point.
Delta neutral is when the delta of a trade is in theory 0 but in practicality around 0. If you have a call with a delta of 0.5 and a put with a delta of -0.5, then the trade is overall delta neutral. This can also be achieved by adding more calls or puts to the trade. A trade can have a delta of 0 while buying 1 call, and buying 2 puts.
The first step to this strategy is finding a stock with consistent volatility. Additionally, the stock itself should be trading around, or more than $2.50 since the first strike price for options is 2.5, second 5, third 7.5. To elaborate on the duration for consistency of price volatility, it will vary depending on the expiration date chosen. We want to make sure that in a given period of time, the minimum move for net profit can be met.
The second step is finding a stock with enough contracts (volume) being traded that when the time comes to close our trade, we have another buyer to take our contract off our hands.
The third step is to then look at the delta, for different strike prices to determine what variations would provide a delta neutral trade. It would also be good to then select an expiration date far enough away that a profit target can be reached. With enough time to respect potential pullbacks.
